Hey mom what's the matter
I'm participating in a costume design competition
Inconvenient to answer the phone
Let me tell you something.
That little bitch Gu Qingqing suddenly went home just now
Got a stack of design drafts
I left in a hurry again
They can prove their innocence
Does this have anything to do with your design competition?
What Gu Qingqing
Could he really be hiding a hand?
This competition is international in scope
If it is exposed and plagiarized at this time
I don't want to mess around before designing
Nuannuan, why don't you speak?
I won't talk about that, I'll hang up first
Hey, you actually want to come to my game too
See you later.
Hey, Sister Zhang, do you know where Lin Da is?
I found proof that I'm not plagiarizing.
Then come with me there.
It's inside.
Let's go in first
Wait a minute, the phone is dead, lend me it.
Sister Zhang, Sister Zhang, open the door